The application is simple ERP (enterprise resource planning) app with objective to facilitate managerial accounting and control at a manufacturing enterprise. The name Epok comes from "ERP in pocket".

Contacts is an auxillary subdomain containig such entities as PersonName and Address. There entities are used further in Customers and Suppliers subdomain, prospectively in Payroll.
Customers subdomain defines customer entity, that is a natural or a legal person to whom the merchandise produced at the enterprise is shipped, and also defines operation available to perform on a customer e.g. its registration in the system or archiving.
Inventory defines entities which are subjects of manufacturing process. Article represents any article of trade or article of production: a material, a component of a product or a finished product. InventoryItem reflects the objective reality of an article being present at some amount (defined by Uom i.e. unit of meausrement) at some place (at Shops). Inventory items can be produced at certain shops or transferred between the shops. They can also be reported as spoilage i.e. items damaged in production. Spoiled articles may be fixable or reusable in production of other articles. Production itself is defined by BOMs i.e. bills of materials which are specifications of materials and components required to produce an article.
Orders are tasks to produce certain amount of certain articles within certain timeframe. They can be external (shippable to customer) or internal (bing a task in the manufacturing chain of for an external order). Apart from enabling of creating and shipment of orders, this subdmain contains logic required to analyze whether an order can be complited with available inventory stocks before the specified shipment deadline.
Payroll is a subdomain in design which objective is employees management in terms of salary and working time.
Shops is a subdomain which defines the physical space where operations on articles are performed. A shop may be a factory workshop or a warehouse. Theretically it also may be a store where articles are sold, but for now the app does not have such a provision.
Suppliers are third party actors who supply materials and components required for the production of articles. Procurement is done with material requests. 
Users subdomain deals with the management of users of the application including permissions management. Permissions are issued per command\query.